\subsection{Capability for developers to run pipelines at scale}

\assign{Simon}

I believe we aggreed that if the logging system and provenance system are sufficient to meet recommendations, this aspect is essentially a solved problem.

I do think that it also depends on the orchestration layer, but I don't think that can be in the scope of this group.

Derived from \S\ref{sec:design:debug}.
